SECURITY
---------

1. What is DDoS attack? How do you deal with it?

A distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack is an attack in which multiple compromised computer systems attack a target, 
such as a server, website or other network resource, and cause a denial of service for users of the targeted resource.
1. Develop a Denial of Service Response Plan.
2. Secure Your Network Infrastructure
3. Practice Basic Network Security
4. Maintain Strong Network Architecture
5. Leverage the Cloud
6. Understand the Warning Signs
7. Consider DDoS-as-a-Service.

2. What are the benefits of having Policy management?

1.Avoid Fines and Penalties
2.Protects Your Business Reputation
3.Enhances Your Data Management Capabilities
4.Puts You in Good Company
5.Yields Insights That Promote Operational Benefits
6.Supports Access Controls and Accountability

3. How HTTPS is different from HTTP?

HTTP lacks security mechanism to encrypt the data whereas HTTPS provides SSL or TLS Digital Certificate to secure the communication between server and client.
HTTP operates at Application Layer whereas HTTPS operates at Transport Layer.
HTTP by default operates on port 80 whereas HTTPS by default operates on port 443.
HTTP transfers data in plain text while HTTPS transfers data in cipher text (encrypt text).
HTTP is fast as compared to HTTPS because HTTPS consumes computation power to encrypt the communication channel.

4. What TCP and UDP vulnerabilities are you familiar with?

IP and Source Routing
Web Application and Browser Security Weaknesses
Cross-site Scripting
DNS Protocol Attacks

5. Explain OAuth ?

OAuth doesn’t share password data but instead uses authorization tokens to prove an identity between consumers and service providers. 
OAuth is an authentication protocol that allows you to approve one application interacting with another on your behalf without giving away your password.

6. What types of firewalls are there?

Packet-Filtering Firewalls
Circuit-Level Gateways
Stateful Inspection Firewalls
Proxy Firewalls (Application-Level Gateways/Cloud Firewalls)
Software Firewalls
Cloud Firewalls


